# Value-added services {#concept_al5_kkl_l2b .concept}

In addition to the basic services, the HTTPS Acceleration and Dynamic Route for CDN are charged separately as value-added services.

## HTTPS Acceleration {#section_jdt_lwl_zdb .section}

-   Billing item: HTTPS requests
-   Payment method: Pay-As-You-Go
-   Billing rule: Billed on the HTTPS request price for value-added services. HTTPS requests are accumulated on a calendar day basis.
-   Billing cycle: Billed by day, and fees are deducted in real time \(the bill for the previous day is issued and fees are deducted after 00:00 each day\).

For more information, see [Pricing](https://www.alibabacloud.com/zh/product/cdn).

**Note:** 

-   The billing time is the end of the current billing cycle \(on a calendar day basis\). A bill is usually generated within one hour after the current billing cycle ends. For example, the bill for June 17 is generated after 0:00 June 18. The system determines the specific time of billing. After a bill is generated, fees are automatically deducted from your account balance to settle the bill.
-   Billing of HTTPS requests: Based on the total HTTPS requests generated by all domain names with SCDN service on the current day.

## Dynamic Route for CDN {#section_cwj_bll_l2b .section}

**Note:** Currently, the Alibaba Cloud SCDN has been commercialized. See [Pricing](https://help.aliyun.com/noticelist/articleid/20701439.html).

-   Billing item: The total value-added service requests generated by all domain names that active Dynamic Route for CDN on the current day. They are billed separately.
-   Payment method: Pay-As-You-Go
-   Billing cycle: Billed by hour, and fees are deducted in real time.

